inimum general Eligibility Criteria are stipulated herein in this document. However, 
fulfillment of minimum eligibility criteria will not entitle for Pre-qualification as Pre- qualification will be done after taking into account various parameters at the discretion of  the Bank, including receipt of satisfactory reports from clients, in case the Bank deems it  necessary to do so. 
b) The Bank may obtain reports on the past performance of the Bidder from previous / 
present clients in case it deems it necessary. The Bank shall evaluate the said reports at any  point of time before or after opening of the tenders. If any Bidder is not found to possess  the required eligibility for participating in the tendering process at any point of time  and/or its performance reports received from its clients are found to be unsatisfactory, the  Bank reserves the right to reject the offer even after opening of the tender (both technical  and commercial bids). The Bank is not bound to assign any reason for doing so. 
c) The Bank at its discretion may evaluate the performance of the Bidder who had supplied 
similar items to the Bank in the past at any point of time before or after opening of the  tenders. If such Bidder is not found to possess the required eligibility for participating in  the tendering process at any point of time and/or its past performance are found to be  unsatisfactory, the Bank reserves the right to reject the offer even after opening of the  tender (both technical and commercial bids). The Bank will be the sole judge in this matter  and is not bound to assign any reason for doing so. 
d) If the space in the forms is insufficient for furnishing full details, such information may be 
continued on separate sheets of paper, stating therein the part of the form and serial  number. Separate sheets shall be used for each part and a proper reference with page  number must be indicated in the main form of application. 
e) In case of false and/or inadequate information, tenders are liable for rejection.  f) Clarifications required, if any, may be obtained from the Deputy Manager, IT Division, The 
Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank Ltd., M.G Road, Shillong-793001, through email to  “itsupport_ho@megcab.com” . No request for clarification will be entertained by the Bank  if such request is received after  4:30 p.m . of the  30
th
March, 2022.
g) Applicants shall furnish documentary evidence/certificates in support of their claims of 
work undertaken and work in hand, failing which the application will be liable for rejection. 
h) Decision of the Bank with regard to pre-qualification of Bidder shall be final.   i) The Bank is at liberty to reject or accept any or all bids without assigning any reason 
Page 7 of 68 
thereof. The decision of the Bank in this regard shall be final and binding. The Bank may  also cancel this tender without assigning any reason thereof and no liability, financial or  otherwise, will be borne by the Bank in this regard. 
j) The Bank reserves the right to relax / amend / withdraw any of the terms and conditions 
contained in the Tender Document without assigning any reason thereof.  
k) Bidders should specially take note of all the addendum/corrigendum related to this tender 
which will be emailed to them and no separate intimation for the same will be issued by the  Bank.  Any such addendum/corrigendum shall be deemed to be incorporated into this RFP  and SLA. 
l) Conditional tenders shall not be considered.  m) Bids once submitted will be treated as final and no further correspondence will be 
entertained. No bid will be allowed to be modified after the submission. 
n) All materials shall be as per technical specifications and standards mentioned in Annexure-
II. 
o) The Bank does not bind itself to accept the lowest or any bid and reserves the right to reject 
any or all bids at any point of time prior to the issuance of Purchase Order for supply,  installation and maintenance of ATM Cash Dispensers without assigning any reason  whatsoever. 
p) The Bidder, if so desires, may be present in person or his/her authorised representative 
during the opening of bids on the scheduled date and time. In case none of the Bidders are  present, the bids will be opened by the Bank without their presence. 
q) Any effort by a Bidder to influence the Bank in evaluation of the bid, bid comparison or 
contract award decision may result in the rejection of the Bidders' bid. The Bank's decision  will be final and without prejudice and will be binding on all parties. 
r) Bidders are not allowed to impose their own terms and conditions to the bid and if 
submitted as such will not be considered as forming part of their bids. Bidder has to strictly  comply with the terms and conditions mentioned in the RFP. 
6. IMPORTANT DATES: 
In case if on any of the aforementioned dates the Bank is not able to keep its Head Office 
open, then the next working date, at the same time, will be the scheduled date and time for  receiving/opening of bids. 
7. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: 
