List of annexure and enclosures submitted
Annexure
 I
 Document Page from Page to
Annexure B - Offer letter
Annexure C - Response to eligibility criteria
Annexure D - Compliance statement
Annexure E - Customer reference
Annexure F - Compliance of technical requirements
Annexure G - Any other Details
Annexure G - Any other Details
 Document
 Document
 Information
Annexure H - Format for Commercial bids
For __
Sir,
We understand that you are not bound to accept the lowest or any bid received by you, and you may reject all or any bid.
If our Bid for the above job is accepted, we undertake to enter into and execute at
our cost, when called upon by the purchaser to do so, a contract in the prescribed form.
Unless and until a formal contract is prepared and executed, this bid together with your
written acceptance thereof shall constitute a binding contract between us. If our bid is
accepted, we are to be jointly and severally responsible for the due performance of the
contract.
You may accept or entrust the entire work to one bidder or divide the work to more than one bidder without assigning any reason or giving any explanation whatsoever. Bidder means the bidder who is decided and declared so after examination of technical and commercial bids.
Dated at this day of 2014
Yours faithfully,
1. Subsection 6.1
3. Subsection 6.3
4. Subsection 6.4
5. Subsection 6.5
7. Subsection 6.7
Subsection 6.2
Subsection 6.6
RFPfor Supply and Printing of RuPay (EMV) Cards
8. Subsection 6.8
9. Subsection 6.9
10. Subsection 6.10
11. Subsection 6.11
7
12. Subsection 6.12
13. Subsection 6.13
14 Subsection 6.14
15 Subsection 6.15
(Documentary evidence should be provided along with technical bid)
Signature and Seal of Bidder
COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMPLIANCE
DECLARATION
We hereby undertake and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions stipulated by the
Bank in the RFP including all annexure, addendum and corrigendum
Signature and Seal of Bidder
TECHNICAL! Scope of Work COMPLIANCE
We certify that the systems/services offered by us for tender conforms to the Technical
specifications/ requirements /scope of work (Clause xxxxxx in the RFP) stipulated by you
with the following deviations
List
List
 left blank it will be construed that there is no deviation)
__
__
__
__
__
__
-- Pag29 ..----
Customer reference -
Provide at least 3 customer references with following details -
SI No. Description Response
1. Name
2.
Bank/Institution
3. Address
4. Phone
5. Emailld
Signature and Seal of Bidder
-- .-------------------------- Pag30 --------.------.-
Signature and Seal of Bidder
Compliance of technical requirements -
SL. Requirements/Scope of Work ' Compliance (Yes/No) Details / Remark / Required No
