'~~;'''?i
'~~;'''?i
'~~;'''?i
'~~;'''?i
RFPfor Supply and Printing of RuPay (EMV) Cards
The bidders can score maximum 100 points for the Technical Evaluation. Those Tenders,
which have achieved less than 70 points during Technical Evaluation, will be determined to
be not substantially responsive.
Only bidders that have achieved a score of 70 points or more are qualified to pass the
technical evaluation, and will be included in a short-list. The commercial offer of only short-
listed bidders will be opened. Bank resumes the right to change the qualifying score.
The Commercial offer of only short-listed technically qualified bidders will be opened and
evaluated by the Bank. The short-listed bidders, if they wish, may remain present on the day
of opening of Commercial Response. Only one duly authorized representative of the bidder
will be permitted at the time of opening of commercial response. The eligible bidders will be
informed for further process after the technical evaluation by the internal committee as per
the eligible criteria.
If, during evaluation of the financial/commercial Tenders, there is a discrepancy between
words and figures, the price expressed in words shall prevail over the price stated in figures. If
the Bidder does not accept the price expressed in words, its Tender will be rejected, and its
Tender security shall be forfeited.
Bank may negotiate with the best qualified bidder responding to the Tender, to serve the
best interests of the Bank. If the Bank is unsuccessful in negotiating a contract with the
apparent best bidder within a reasonable time frame, Bank may begin negotiations with the
next suitable bidder. Bidders are cautioned, however, to submit proposals initially on a most
favorable basis, since an award decision may be made without any negotiation, based on
price and terms of the original proposal.
During the preparation of the proposals, the Bidders may ask clarification. However, such
clarification requests should reach the Bank on or before Day-13 and the Bank will respond
before the Pre-bid meeting.
All contacts with Bidders will be documented in a transparent and unbiased manner.
No Bidder shall contact the Bank and
No Bidder shall contact the Bank and
 or its technical advisors on any matter relating to its
Tender after the opening of the Tender until the contract is awarded to the successful
Bidder.
Any effort by a Bidder to influence the bank in its decision on Tender evaluation, Tender
comparison or contract award shall result in disqualification of the bidder.
The Bank at its own discretion may negotiate with the L1 bidder. After negotiating with the L1
bidder & prior to the expiration of the period of Tender validity, the Bank will notify to the
successful Bidder in writing or bye-mail that its Tender has been accepted.
The notification of award will constitute the formation of the Contract. The bidder should
respond within 5 days with an unconditional letter of acceptance of the tender. Upon signing
of the contract by the successful Bidder, the Bank may promptly notify each unsuccessful
Bidder.
No correspondence will be entertained from the unsuccessful bidders and Bank's decision
for selecting the bidder will be final and binding on all the bidders.
Bank reserves the right to reject any or all proposals if they do not match with the
Bank's requirements.
without assigning any reason whatsoever. The Bank reserves the right to make any changes
in the specifications, requirements, terms and conditions of purchase order/contract
applicable to this tender.
The prices quoted shall be exclusive of all the taxes. Bank
The prices quoted shall be exclusive of all the taxes. Bank
 pay the taxes as applicable as per the bill.
The bank and the successful Bidder may negotiate on the Contract form and service level
agreements before signing the contract.
The Bank shall send to the successful Bidder the Contract Form incorporating all the terms
of the agreement based on which the Bank and the successful Bidder will negotiate terms of
Service Level Agreement. Final agreed SLA will be signed by both parties.
The Bank and successful Bidder will be excused from performance of their obligations under
the contract if and to the extent that such performance is hindered or prevented directly by
reasons such as earthquake, riot, armed conflict, acts of terrorism/extremism, accident,
unavailability/breakdown of normal means of transport, strike, lock out, labor disturbance,
government action, or Acts of God or any other matter whatsoever beyond its control, which
it could not have foreseen with a reasonable amount of diligence.
The party claiming the Force majeure Event will promptly notify the other in writing of the
reasons for the delay or stoppage (and the likely duration) and will take all reasonable steps
to overcome the-delay or stoppage.
If the party claiming the Force majeure event has complied with the above clause its
performance under the contract will be suspended for the period that the Force majeure
event continues, and the party will have an extension of time for performance, which is
reasonable and in any event equal to the period of delay or stoppage.
As regards such delay or stoppage, any costs arising from the delay or stoppage will be
borne by the party incurring those costs.
--------------------------------- Pag20
The bidder shall also sign a NDA and shall abide by it, in respect of data/information of the
bank; the bidder may come across during the course of implementation of the solution during
the contract period or subsequently thereafter. If anything is found to the contrary, Bank
reserves the right to file damages against the bidder for such breach. The Bidder is
responsible for managing the activities of its personnel and will be held answerable for any
misdemeanors' of its staff. The Bank shall not be responsible for the misconduct of the
more than 60 continuous days, terminate the contract with immediate effect on giving written
notice to the other.
Neither party will be liable to the other for such termination and it is for the party claiming the
Force majeure event to close or to find a solution by which the contract may be performed
despite the Force majeure event.
The Bidder shall be liable to pay all corporate tax, income tax and any other tax that may be
levied in accordance with Indian law. The Bank's liability is restricted to the payment of
charges to the Bidder as per the contract.
Wherever the laws and regulations of India require deduction of any taxes at the source of
payment, the Bank shall effect such deductions from the payment due to the Bidder. The
Bank shall remit such monies to the competent authority and furnish certificate of deduction
as provided in the relevant law under which such deductions are made
The Bidder is responsible for carrying out all activities in accordance with the agreement
using latest machinery, programs and economic principles and using all available means to
achieve full and complete performance of its obligations under the agreement.
The Bidder is obliged to: (a) work closely with the Bank's staff and other agencies involved,
(b) act within its own authority, and (c) abide by directives issued by the Bank for the
execution of the Agreement. The Bidder shall follow industry 'Best Practices'.
The Bidder shall abide by the job safety measures prevalent in India and shall exonerate the
Bank from all demands or responsibilities arising from accidents or loss of life caused by the
negligence of the Bidder. The Bidder shall pay all indemnities arising from such incidents and
shall not hold the Bank responsible.
Bidder's employees. Under no circumstances shall the Bidder's employees be treated as
employees of the Bank.
The Bidder shall promptly provide any information relating to the outsourced work as may be required by the Bank. The Bidder should have a well-defined business continuity and disaster recovery plan in
place. Details of such plans should be provided in the technical Tender. Preference will be
given for a different city and a well- defined system.
Bidders must provide specific information on any warranties/guarantees provided and state
the terms and conditions of the warranties/guarantees that are being offered. It is important
for Bidders to note that OSCB will require appropriate guarantees for timely completion of the
project as well as guarantee of on-going support for maintenance as well as major and minor
upgrades, version changes, product changes etc.
Complete warranties applying to any system purchased as a result of this proposal request
must be clearly specified. The location or agent responsible for servicing this account must
be clearly stated. In addition, the Bidder must provide complete information and pricing on
maintenance agreements available and recommended for this system after the warranty
period. The Bidder's policy on software upgrades, enhancements, and on-going software
support shall also be addressed. Warranty and maintenance terms and costs will be taken
into consideration in the award.
If a third party claims any infringement of copyright, patent, trademark, industrial design
rights, etc. arising from the use of the hardware/ software in India by the Bidder in the
performance of its obligations, the Bidder shall act expeditiously to extinguish such claim. If
the Bidder fails to extinguish such claim and the Bank pays compensation to such third party
as a result of such infringement, the Bidder shall indemnify the Bank for all such payments,
including court and lawyer fees and all other expenses in connection with such claim. The
Bank will give notice of any such claim to the Bidder without delay and the Bidder shall
reimburse such monies expeditiously.
The Bank and the Bidder shall make every effort to resolve amicably any disagreement or
dispute arising from the Contract through direct informal negotiation.
---- Pag23 -------
If, after 30 (thirty) days from the commencement of such informal negotiations, the Bank and
the Bidder are unable to resolve any dispute amicably, either party may refer the matter to be
settled in accordance with the provisions of the Odisha State Coop Societies Act, 1964. The
jurisdiction of the settlement of disputes will be Odisha only.
The following shall be the address of the Bank for serving notice:
The Managing Director, The Odisha State Cooperative Bank Ltd., Pandit Jawaharlal Neheru Marg, Bhubaneswar-751001
The Bidder shall be served with notice, if any, at its registered office address. A notice shall be effective when delivered before or on the stipulated last date of notice.
The Contract shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the India and the Bidder
shall agree to submit to the courts under whose exclusive jurisdiction the Head Office of the
Bank falls.
The Bank reserves the right to accept or reject any or all Tenders received in response to
the RFP without assigning any reasons. It may also cancel the entire process at any time
prior to awarding of the contract at its sole discretion and without incurring any liability to the
Bidders.
The Bank shall neither be bound to offer any reasons for acceptance or rejection of the
Tenders nor entertain any correspondence with the unsuccessful Bidders in this matter.
The Bank assumes that the clauses on the requirement, functionality of the EFT, cards
fully express/explain the requirements of the bank. If any bidder likes to add, modify,
suggest any other aspects may do so in a separate deviation statement annexed to the
response to this RFP with full justification to each of the item proposed. The bank
reserves the right to accept / reject anyone or all of them and the bank's decision is
final.
The Bank reserves the right to terminate the contract after giving 6 (six) months' notice, if
the Bidder's services are not found to be satisfactory. Should the contract be terminated
by the Bank, the bidder is required to provide all services as defined in the agreement till
the migration to another bidder or 6 months whichever is earlier.
As the information stated in this document is not an offer, the Bank will not be bound by
any of its terms.
.--.----- Pag24 -------- ..----------------
Technical bid should be provided in the format given below:-
